README.md, before:

# Web-Based Disaster Relief Assistance and Monitoring System for Affected Communities

Philippines faces frequent typhoons and disasters, and the relief distribution is often uncoordinated, slow and lacks transparency. Our solution is a centralized system for disaster management, where we can monitor the relief distribution of the affected families

## Features
- **Real-Time Monitoring and Reporting** - The system shows live updates on relief operations.
Admins can see which areas have received help.
- **Track Donations and Relief Distribution** - The system records and monitors all donations and relief goods.
It keeps track of what is received and where it is delivered,
making the process organized, fair, and transparent.
- **List of the affected families and their needs** - Shows a list of the affected families and what they need.  

   ```bash
   pip install mkdocs mkdocs-material
   mkdocs serve        # local preview at http://127.0.0.1:8000
   mkdocs build        # outputs site/ directory
   ```

## Folder layout
See the tree below or open `mkdocs.yml` to adjust the sidebar navigation.

Commit message:

Revise README with project details and team info
Updated project description and added features section. Included academic context and team members.

README.md, after:

# Web-Based Disaster Relief Assistance and Monitoring System for Affected Communities 


This project aims to develop a centralized system for disaster relief management that enhances coordination, transparency, and efficiency during relief operations. The system provides a unified platform for monitoring, recording, and managing disaster-related information to ensure that assistance is delivered accurately and on time.

## Features
- **Real-Time Monitoring and Reporting** - The system shows live updates on relief operations.
Admins can see which areas have received help.
- **Track Donations and Relief Distribution** - The system records and monitors all donations and relief goods.
It keeps track of what is received and where it is delivered,
making the process organized, fair, and transparent.
- **List of the affected families and their needs** - Shows a list of the affected families and what they need.  
- **Notification and Alert System** - The system can send alerts or notifications to users and administrators regarding new disaster events, donation updates, or urgent relief needs. This feature helps improve communication and ensures timely responses during emergencies.
- **User Management and Access Control** - This feature allows the system administrator to manage user accounts and assign specific roles such as admin, staff, or volunteer. It ensures that only authorized personnel can access and modify sensitive data, maintaining system security and data integrity.
- **Search and Filter Function** - Lets users quickly search for affected families, donations, or areas using keywords or filters (like location or status).

[Screenshot] (https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/46311d9c-a7a3-4d5e-8993-d49e19fc4182) 

## Academic Context:
This project is developed by 4th-year Computer Science students of Mabini Colleges, Inc., as a fulfillment of the academic rrequirements in THS 101 (Thesis Writing 101).

*Leader*
- Jhon Loyd E. Canaria

*Members*
- Angelica Jane A. De Vera 
- Darene Kinda E. Bamba
- Hazel Talibong
- Christol Joy Rellora
- Kristina Mhae Salenga
